This distribution contains a set of files that add publish-and-subscribe
to the web for users of Perl, Python, JavaScript, and web pages.

This is an early snapshot that includes the PubSub server as Perl CGI
scripts that are called from Apache (or run inside mod_perl in Apache),
a reference Python standalone pubsub server that uses the same PubSub
Protocol, a push_manager that helps with additional connection pooling,
and many sample apps in various states of usability.  (Perl works,
Python is somewhat broken, push_manager needs a lot of work, and the
apps are all in different states of needing work.)

Please have a look at the file INSTALL for installation instructions for
the current Perl PubSub server.

We plan to subsume the best of the Perl and Python servers into an
Apache module, mod_pubsub.  Other plans are in the TODO file.

KnowNow is making this code freely available, to encourage adoption and
unfettered experimentation.  The Apache-based license is available in
the LICENSE file; its purpose is to indemnify KnowNow of legal liability
while promoting free use of this set of code, tools, and documentation.
Enjoy!

  -- Adam Rifkin


-------
Credits
-------

A hearty thank-you goes out to all KnowNow employees and contractors
who wrote the code and documentation that has been included in this
distribution.

In the kn_apps directory, jscomponents is version 1.5.10 of KnowNow's
JavaScript Components libraries, released in January 2002.  We found
these on http://developer.knownow.com/ and since they use the KnowNow
license we're including them with this distribution.

Jef Poskanzer's excellent thttpd is used for the push_manager; these
parts are copyright <A9> 1995,1998,1999,2000 by Jef Poskanzer
<jef@acme.com>, distributed under a separate license.  See the file
LICENSE in the push_manager directory for full details.

Michael Houghton's nice 'xml for <SCRIPT>' JavaScript XML parser in
kn_apps/KN/xmljs is distributed under a separate license.  See the
file LICENSE in that directory for full details.

Kudos to Scott Thomason for the RSSLite.pm we use in our RSS sensor
in the kn_sense/rss directory.

Many thanks go to Dave Winer who showed us many of the RSS feeds we
use in the kn_sense/rss directory.

We also thank Dieter Bungers for the table widget we use in the
kn_apps/rsstable application.

StockSoap uses an xmethods.com SOAP service.  Thanks, xmethods!

In the python_pubsub directory, the following files are distributed
under the same license as Python: asyncore.py, cgi.py, cgitb.py,
inspect.py, pydoc.py . Refer to the file LICENSE in the Python source
distribution (http://www.python.org/) for details.  Note that we made
some minor modifications to these files to support pubsub.py .  It is
our goal to get pubsub.py working out-of-the-box with a Python release
without using the modified versions of these files.

Regarding that python_pubsub directory, we thank the many authors who
have contributed to the files included in that distribution, including
but not limited to Sam Rushing, Ka-Ping Yee, Guido van Rossum, Michael
McLay, Steve Majewski, Andreas Paepcke, Greg Burd, and Kragen Sitaker.

If this distribution gets far, it is because we are standing on the
shoulders of the giants who came before us.  Thank you all.

